       Using Tableau to look at the data proved to be a good way to identify patterns in the data to supplement the models. From looking at the graphs of feature average, median with quartiles, standard deviation, and range, it was possible to see how features varied in different playlists. Danceability, instrumentalness, loudness, and speechiness seemed to be the most interesting. 
       Danceability’s average was fairly consistent between different playlists, ranging from 0.46 to 0.59, but the range was quite varied. As an example, one playlist had a min of .15 and a max of .98, while another had a min of .22 and a max of .67. It is very possible that liking songs with high danceability could be an indicator for music taste based on this, the playlists are fairly large. In fact, this is exactly what some of the models found- danceability was a good feature to determine music taste.
       Instrumentalness was an odd feature as a lot of songs had no intrumentalness. If the data was not corrupted in any way, then this is a great indicator as playlists seemed to either have a lot of instrumental music, or almost none. In the playlists we looked at, there was no middle ground. 
       Loudness is another interesting feature as the averages were the same for most playlists, but the mins and maxes were varied. For one playlist, loudness ranged from -0.9 to -16, while for another, loudness ranged from -2.5 to 28.6. 
       Speechiness had a very varied average and range. The average speechiness ranged from 0.045 to 0.082. Some playlists had a big range of speechiness, while some had a smaller one. One of the playlists had speechiness range from 0 to .8 while another ranged from 0.02 to 0.13. 
       There were a few features where it wasn’t conclusive if they are important or not. Energy and Acousticness stand out as playlists were somewhat varied in their averages, but not as much as the other features. The rest of the features showed the playlists having very similar averages and ranges, suggesting that it was mostly random. 
       Tableau was useful as it makes it easy to visualize and understand the data more. It is only a supplement to models, however, as models can actually calculate how easy it is to learn on the chosen features. The features that stood out to the different models, however, were also found using Tableau, which is a good indicator that we can somewhat separate or guess music tastes.
